scan: show uninstalled workflows (#4286)
cylc/cylc-flow: CHANGES.md

### Enhancements

[#4286](https://github.com/cylc/cylc-flow/pull/4286) -

> Add an option for displaying un-installed workflows in `cylc scan`.

Reviewer: Nitpick
```suggestion
Add an option for displaying non-installed source workflows in `cylc scan`.
```
